you go hmm to Barbie's full name is
Barbara Millicent Roberts her parents
are George and Margaret Roberts from
Wisconsin of all places the Statue of
Liberty is made of copper so it was
originally the same color as a penny
it's turned completely green because of
oxidation in 1920 well it's not easy
being green one glass of water has more
atoms in it than there are glasses of
water in all the oceans of the earth
check it out yourself
some mountain chains for example the
Sierra Nevada is in California have pink
snow that tastes and smells like
watermelons stay away from the yellow
snow an ear of corn always contains an
even number of rows normally 16 of them
and kernels 800 on average you can
really smell rain it smells like a mix
of plant oils bacteria and ozone
[Music]
Salvador Dali himself designed the
chuppah Chuck's logo in 1969 he also
insisted that it should be placed on top
of the wrapper so that everyone could
see it the southern hemisphere version
of aurora borealis is Aurora Australis
the best time to see the Southern Lights
is also in the winter Victorians used to
say prunes instead of cheese before
taking a picture to look more serious
smiling was reserved for the uneducated
the Sargasso Sea has no Shores it's
located smack dab in the middle of the
North Atlantic Ocean and its borders are
all natural they are for ocean currents
when you sneeze the air blows out of
your nose at 100 miles per hour mm-hmm
to find out if cranberries are ripe or
not growers drop them and see if they
can bounce over a wooden barrier only
ripe berries can make it ninety percent
of the world's population lives in the
northern hemisphere ketchup used to be a
medicine that was sold his pills across
the u.s. in the 1800s the world's
longest musical piece lasts six hundred
thirty nine years organ to ASL SP as low
as possible is being performed in
Germany and should be finished by 26:40
don't miss it every episode of Friends
has the word friends in it who would
have thought
cow's ting is the official sport of the
state of Maryland video game designer
Toro OTT awanee explained a pizza with
one slice removed was the inspiration
for pac-man Cookie Monster from Sesame
Street has a real name and it's CID an
adult is made up of seven octillion
atoms at seven with a boatload of zeros
there's just three billion stars in our
galaxy for comparison a blue whale's
heart is as large as a small car and you
can hear it beat from 2 miles away
dolphins call each other by names or
rather special vocal whistles Cleopatra
lived closer in time to the first moon
landing 2,000 years then to the
construction of the Great Pyramid 2,500
years bubble-wrap was originally
supposed to be a textured wallpaper it
was invented by sealing two shower
curtains together facebook like button
was supposed to be the awesome button
first you will spend around six months
of your life waiting for red lights to
turn green enjoy
a bolt of lightning has enough energy to
toast 100,000 slices of bread in 1992
nearly 30,000 rubber ducks were dropped
into the Pacific Ocean off a cargo ship
people still keep finding them from
Australia to Alaska there's a bridge
over a highway in the Netherlands built
just for squirrels but a maximum of five
squirrels use it per year the little
hole in the bottom of your padlock lets
water drain out in case the lock is out
in the open during a rain the largest
snowflake in history was the size of a
frisbee
it fell in Montana in 1887 roosters have
built-in ear plugs that keep them from
going deaf from their own noise
croissants that many see as one of the
symbols of France were invented in
Vienna Austria and only came to France
in the 1830s the world's largest pyramid
isn't in Egypt but in Puebla Mexico if
your brain were a computer it would
perform 38,000 trillion operations per
second even the most powerful
supercomputer in the world has only
point zero zero two percent of that
capacity to become a taxi or rather cab
driver in London you'd have to memorise
320 routes 25,000 streets and 20,000
sights GPS is cheating the expiration
date on a water bottle is for the bottle
not the water plastic and leach inside
with time and water never goes bad the
most successful pirate of all times was
a woman named ching-ching she had 80,000
men under her command the average human
checks their phone every six minutes
that sums up to a total of 150 times a
day
the African continent is the only one
that sits in all four hemispheres and
both the equator and prime meridian
passed through it roadway lines were
invented thanks to leaky milk wagons a
guy named edward hines saw dripping in
the center of the road in 1911 and
thought it was a great idea Incan people
used knots instead of notes to keep
records NASCAR drivers sweat so much in
extreme heat they can lose up to ten
pounds in one race pineapples were named
after pine cones by European explorers
because of their spiky looks your body
gives off enough heat in half an hour to
boil a gallon of water Apple had its own
clothing and lifestyle line in 1986 but
it wasn't a success all blue-eyed people
share one distant ancestor as they all
have the same gene sequences for eye
color an Australian man tried to sell
New Zealand on eBay the bidding was
stopped at three thousand dollars by
eBay officials Mount Everest isn't the
tallest in the world the champion is
Mauna Kea it's a rock of just thirteen
thousand eight hundred feet above sea
level but the rest of which is hidden
under the water there is a city called
boring in Oregon that has a sister city
called dull in Scotland the question
mark and exclamation mark you probably
use a lot to finish sentences has a name
its inter abag doritos can be used as
good kindling they are easily flammable
and burned for a long time
wow that's incendiary IKEA stands for
this guy's name I'm not even gonna try
the founders name farm where he grew up
and his hometown
when glaciers are melting they make a
loud fizzy sound called Bergy seltzer
I'm not even gonna try for was the only
person to have ever played golf outside
the earth he did that on the moon in
1971 during the Apollo 14 space mission
continental plates drift at about the
same rate as your fingernails grow cats
can be allergic to humans but it's most
likely to be the perfume you wear or
soap you use not your natural scent
there is a fruit in Central and South
America named black sapote that tastes
like chocolate pudding art used to be an
Olympic sport between 1912 and 1948
people competed in sculpture music
painting and architecture black boxes on
planes are actually bright orange it
makes them easier to be located if you
know they have to German chocolate cake
has nothing to do with Germany it was
named after American Baker Samuel German
wow the sky on Mars is red and the
sunsets are blue this has to do with the
dust in the Martian air a chef's famous
hat is called taupe and has exactly 100
pleats symbolizing 100 ways to cook an
egg and in France one egg is a new 60
percent of your brain is made of fat in
fact it's the fattiest organ in the body
play-doh was designed as a way to clean
wallpaper stop signs were yellow for 30
years by 1954 red dye that wouldn't fade
became available and it all changed in
2014 two research scientists living a 45
minute helicopter ride away
found each other using a dating app in
Antarctica tree rings grow wider when
the weather is warm in
the hottest inhabited place in the world
is Dallow Ethiopia with the average
annual temperature 94 degrees Fahrenheit
and some are highs of 116 degrees the
only letter that's not in the periodic
table is J a single strand of spaghetti
is called a spaghetto and when ravioli
is a raviolo a French exit is what they
call leaving a party without telling
anyone in English in French they call it
to leave English style you can burn
around a hundred calories per hour just
standing and doing nothing GPS is free
to use but it costs two million dollars
per day to make it work the United
Kingdom has more tornadoes per area than
any other country in the world
Times Square was called Longacre square
until the New York Times headquarters
moved here in 1904 the word kimono
translates as a thing to wear key means
wear and Mo no means Fang Santa Claus
received a pilot's license and airway
maps from the US government in 1927 they
also promised runway lights will be on
for him the first band that performed
live on all seven continents was
Metallica on December 8th 2013 they
played a show called freeze em all in
Antarctica there are more cell phones
than humans on the planet the Eiffel
Tower was supposed to be erected in
Barcelona but the citizens disliked the
project so much they moved it to Paris
there are no key holes in the
presidential limousine and only the
Secret Service knows how to open it the
only window that opens is on the
driver's side to pay tolls or talk to
Secret Service agents escorting the car
the longest game of cricket lasted over
12 days between England and South Africa
and ended without a winner because the
English team had to catch their boat
halt there was a Qantas Airways
interstate flight powered on cooking oil
it was the first commercial flight in
Australia to run on sustainable biofuel
the guy who started the Guinness Book of
World Records couldn't find information
on the fastest game bird ever and got so
angry he invented his own way of keeping
all records in one source the bigger the
brain an animal has the longer it will
yawn mice have the shortest Sean's and
dogs and camels have the longest ones
only surpassed by humans pizza
margherita has tomato mozzarella and
basil on top to represent the Italian
national flag it was created around 1890
for Queen Margherita of Italy and became
her favorite a human heart beats around
115 thousand times a day 42 million
times in a year and more than 3 billion
times in an average lifetime Abraham
Lincoln loved cats so much he once led a
kitty eat from the table at a formal
White House dinner spam mail was named
after canned meat that was said to be
tasting horrible and being ubiquitous
and inescapable in a Monty Python skit
the least frequently used letters in
written English are JQ x and z there is
just one chance in 1461 for a kid to be
born on February 29th as it only happens
once in 1461 days the most remote ATM in
the world is in the Antarctic it serves
around a thousand residents of a
scientific facility really unique
Papua New Guinea has more languages than
any other country over 820 indigenous
languages king of the jungle was the
original name for the Lion King then the
creator's realize Lions don't live in
the jungle and renamed it there's a
special word meaning both nieces and
nephews it's nibbling one surprising way
to cure a tickly throat is to scratch
your ear if your throat tickles
scratching their ear can help quiet it
this way you'll stimulate the nerve that
cause muscle spasms in your throat fruit
stickers are edible because a special
safe glue is used for them but it
doesn't mean you don't have to wash the
fruit before eating the smallest thing
ever photographed is the shadow of an
atom it was cast onto a detector and
only then a digital camera could capture
it 16 million thunderstorms happen
worldwide every year and 1800 of them
are going on right now one of the
weirdest holidays ever is celebrated on
March 3rd as what if cats and dogs had
opposable thumbs day what do you think
they would do first if they really got
opposable thumbs share your ideas in the
comment section below the largest tree
on earth is a giant sequoia named
General Sherman it's over two thousand
years old and is as tall as the Statue
of Liberty or Big Ben and eighteen times
as heavy as a blue whale Elvis Presley
used to have blonde hair in his
childhood in teen years then he decided
black hair was cooler and sometimes even
touched it up with shoe polish the first
photograph ever was made in 1826 and
took eight hours to expose imagine
sitting motionless for all that time
to show affection in ancient Greece guys
used to throw apples at ladies catching
it man accepting that love babies
arising from those unions were usually
named Fuji or McIntosh dad just kidding
the original idea of tea bags was
removing tea out of them before drinking
but people decided it was way more
comfortable to brew it in the bag the
temperature of a beehive is about the
same as healthy human body temperature
when it becomes hotter bees relocate
through the hive and flap their wings to
cool it down extreme ironing is a real
extreme sport that was invented in
England the idea is to take an ironing
board to a remote location and iron tons
of clothing okay so where do you plug
the iron in the first roller culture was
built in the early nineteenth century as
a construction to carry coal down a hill
then people found out how much fun it
was and were willing to pay to go on a
ride the smallest inhabited Island is
located in New York State and is called
just enough room there is literally just
enough room for a tree and a house and
finally this if baby owls are called
owlets then our baby toils called
toilets
well now